Add new ECS variants (#2286)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

### NVIDIA GPUs Support
Bottlerocket's `nvidia` variants include the required packages and configurations to leverage NVIDIA GPUs.
Currently, the following NVIDIA driver versions are supported in Bottlerocket:

* 470.X

> * 515.X

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to add the corresponding Bottlerocket versions alongside the NVIDIA driver numbers? 

e.g.
```markdown
470.X: Bottlerocket v0.X - v0.Y
515.X: Bottlerocket v0.A - v0.B
```

The official AMIs for these variants can be used with EC2 GPU-equipped instance types such as: `p2`, `p3`, `p4`, `g3`, `g4dn`, `g5` and `g5g`.

> Some of these instance types are built with hardware that is no longer supported by the 515.X NVIDIA driver.

Reviewer 2: I might rephrase this as:
```suggestion
Note that older instance types, such as 'p2', are not supported by NVIDIA driver 515.X and above.
```
